pages/projects.md, before:

# 🧪 Projects

## [Wattle](https://arbyroastbeef.itch.io/wattle) 🔗`February 2023 – February 2023`
#### C#, Unity, JIRA
##### [Mac](link1),[Windows](link2)
- Strategy typing game where you select a word to type associated with a damage value. Continue on for as long as you like.
- Use of EventBus and observer and subscription pattern to handle events, and promote DRY principles.
- I worked on this as a solo project, doing everything but the art and sounds. The most challenging part of this, was using the EventBus pattern in conjuction with all the different systems.
- I took art from craft pix for the [background](https://craftpix.net/freebies/free-city-backgrounds-pixel-art/)
- Music and sound I took from [here](https://youfulca.itch.io/legendary-jrpg-battle-music-pack) 

## [Portal 3: Legend of Zelda Edition](https://arbyroastbeef.itch.io/zelda-portals) 🔗`January 2023 – February 2023`
#### C#, Unity
- Leveraged the usage of OOP and composition, to create a recreation of Legend of Zelda with addition of portals.
- I worked on a number of different things which include, ranging to how to create the player and how to make Link able to attack, working on the enemies and bosses (Goriya, Gel, Aquametrus, and others), learning how to do the animations for both the player and enemies, and general debugging. Some of the other other things that I was able to work on, are the enemy pausing and custom levels and game elements which I was able to enjoy.
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/pv4GhUN.gif"  width="400" height="300">   <img src="https://i.imgur.com/LTtFqCS.png"  width="400" height="300">

## [Operating Systems Thread Library](https://github.com/amilgrom/eecs482-p2/blob/master/Project%202%20--%20thread%20library.pdf) 🔗`January 2022 – February 2022`
#### C++, Git 
- Leveraged the usage of programming principles (RAII and pImpl) in order to create principled code.
- Able to handle multiple threads and jobs at an efficient rate, with the ability to support multiple processors as well.
- Developed a fully functioning thread library, implementing mutexes, semaphores, condition variables, along with
thread wrappers.

## [doodlepad](https://doodlepad.app/) 🔗 `August 2022 – September 2022`
#### Firebase, ReactJS, Javascript, MantineJS, Github
- Leveraged Google Firebase and React to allow users to upload and host hundreds of drawings in Firestore.
- Built a canvas that is functional on both mobile and web, allowing the user to draw images, providing options to
the user to customize brush color, width, and shape.
- Utilized realtime data updates to exhibit drawings whenever a user generates an artwork on a global board.

## [Search Engine MapReduce](https://eecs485staff.github.io/p4-mapreduce/) 🔗 `November 2021 – December 2021`
#### Python, ReactJS, SQL, Hadoop, Git, AWS
- Creation of a full-stack application, hosting thousands of articles in SQLite for use in a search engine.
- Usage of Hadoop and MapReduce in python files to process Wikipedia articles and calculate their TF-IDF.
- Flask and Python for back-end processing and queries. Flask routes designed to calculate PageRank and weight

## [Riot Discord](https://gitlab.eecs.umich.edu/jabapo/pp-riot/) 🔗 `June 2021 – July 2021`
#### Python, ReactJS, Git, Riot API, Discord API
- Queried Riot database using Riot API to access player records and details to display in an interactive website.
- Created styling using ReactJS with Mantine UI Library to create the functional components for interactivity.
- Implemented data retrieval pattern in JS for an asynchronous data retrieval system to obtain statistics

Commit message:

Deploying to gh-pages from @ jdabapo/jdabapo.github.io@2132f6f077219e3eab1406a477c11b64c9a5e18b 🚀

pages/projects.md, after:

# 🧪 Projects

## [Cosmic Flux Frenzy](https://bilaljai.itch.io/cosmic-flux-frenzy) 🔗`February 2023 – April 2023`
#### C#, Unity, JIRA
##### [Mac](link1),[Windows](link2)
- Action RPG, where you play a rogue spaceship with access to magnetic powers to control enemies, your spaceships, and the environment to ultimately defeat the evil alien overlords.
- Use of Observer and Publisher system to maintain clean code. We also used composition and inheritance to keep our code organized.
- Created UI panels and systems to hold onto the current state of the game, the mission and reward system, and the magnet shooting system.
- I worked on core gameplay functions for this game, including the magnets, missions, and the general movement. Additionally, I worked on the level design as well, and the NPC functionality.

## [Wattle](https://arbyroastbeef.itch.io/wattle) 🔗`February 2023 – February 2023`
#### C#, Unity, JIRA
##### [Mac](link1),[Windows](link2)
- Strategy typing game where you select a word to type associated with a damage value. Continue on for as long as you like.
- Use of EventBus and observer and subscription pattern to handle events, and promote DRY principles.
- I worked on this as a solo project, doing everything but the art and sounds. The most challenging part of this, was using the EventBus pattern in conjuction with all the different systems.
- I took art from craft pix for the [background](https://craftpix.net/freebies/free-city-backgrounds-pixel-art/)
- Music and sound I took from [here](https://youfulca.itch.io/legendary-jrpg-battle-music-pack) 

## [Portal 3: Legend of Zelda Edition](https://arbyroastbeef.itch.io/zelda-portals) 🔗`January 2023 – February 2023`
#### C#, Unity
- Leveraged the usage of OOP and composition, to create a recreation of Legend of Zelda with addition of portals.
- I worked on a number of different things which include, ranging to how to create the player and how to make Link able to attack, working on the enemies and bosses (Goriya, Gel, Aquametrus, and others), learning how to do the animations for both the player and enemies, and general debugging. Some of the other other things that I was able to work on, are the enemy pausing and custom levels and game elements which I was able to enjoy.
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/pv4GhUN.gif"  width="400" height="300">   <img src="https://i.imgur.com/LTtFqCS.png"  width="400" height="300">

## [OpenStreetMap Contribution](https://production-gradescope-uploads.s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/uploads/pdf_attachment/file/92464087/EECS_481_HW6b_Report.pdf?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAIGIENPBVZV37ZJPA%2F20230423%2Fus-west-2%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20230423T005711Z&X-Amz-Expires=10800&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-Signature=ccf55b85f787e089b749e466fc7cea1961e3da23d0bfc177f11bae8442119882) 🔗`November 2022 – December 2022`
#### Javascript, iDLibrary
- Contributed to a github repository with over three thousand stars, had our changes pulled to the main branch and is located in the latest stable update.
- Determined edge cases by writing unit tests which tested different parts of our changes.
- Worked with long time contributors to understand current code writing ettiquete, along with making sure our changes would reach the most users.

## [Operating Systems Thread Library](https://github.com/amilgrom/eecs482-p2/blob/master/Project%202%20--%20thread%20library.pdf) 🔗`January 2022 – February 2022`
#### C++, Git 
- Leveraged the usage of programming principles (RAII and pImpl) in order to create principled code.
- Able to handle multiple threads and jobs at an efficient rate, with the ability to support multiple processors as well.
- Developed a fully functioning thread library, implementing mutexes, semaphores, condition variables, along with
thread wrappers.

## [doodlepad](https://doodlepad.app/) 🔗 `August 2022 – September 2022`
#### Firebase, ReactJS, Javascript, MantineJS, Github
- Leveraged Google Firebase and React to allow users to upload and host hundreds of drawings in Firestore.
- Built a canvas that is functional on both mobile and web, allowing the user to draw images, providing options to
the user to customize brush color, width, and shape.
- Utilized realtime data updates to exhibit drawings whenever a user generates an artwork on a global board.

## [Search Engine MapReduce](https://eecs485staff.github.io/p4-mapreduce/) 🔗 `November 2021 – December 2021`
#### Python, ReactJS, SQL, Hadoop, Git, AWS
- Creation of a full-stack application, hosting thousands of articles in SQLite for use in a search engine.
- Usage of Hadoop and MapReduce in python files to process Wikipedia articles and calculate their TF-IDF.
- Flask and Python for back-end processing and queries. Flask routes designed to calculate PageRank and weight

## [Riot Discord](https://gitlab.eecs.umich.edu/jabapo/pp-riot/) 🔗 `June 2021 – July 2021`
#### Python, ReactJS, Git, Riot API, Discord API
- Queried Riot database using Riot API to access player records and details to display in an interactive website.
- Created styling using ReactJS with Mantine UI Library to create the functional components for interactivity.
- Implemented data retrieval pattern in JS for an asynchronous data retrieval system to obtain statistics
